hello friends with you fox and today
I would like to tell you about
american anti-tank self-propelled gun 7
left la t25 in half possess
solely by the nature of the transition
age if judged by the first
look we notice that boyish
agility t49 hulka something already
starts to leave because our
today's hero does not differ high
maximum speeds or
mobility but with all this woman
hulk he has not yet grown well and armor
as was not so strictly speaking and not
increased and so t25 by 2 personally for
I'm completely sweaty sa
you want to grit your teeth as soon as possible
already turn off and sell by going to
next hell circle
t28 prototype which actually already
much more interesting in that bob hope
he has already grown and yes such that
normal ride and for it he can not but
Today, unfortunately, let's talk a T25 on 2
first, let's talk about
pros
very much helps in pumping the fact that
stock and top option a little between
what is the difference between the top gun
adds only a little armor penetration
and the engine and chassis pretty quickly
pumped by the way I advise you to start
card
it is with the chassis and then from the engine
in the client you can see that these two
module well, exactly the same but on
in fact, they have a big difference in
parameters that are not displayed
moves t25 in half with top
chassis and stock engine much
better than the reverse order of study
of these two modules, well, and the tower
you can leave last there already
which is, in principle, comfortable with the second plus
is that on goldie
it is potential and forgets what phase
the commander did not break if other tanks
or self-propelled guns usually have a difference in
armor penetration between the base armor-piercing
and a golden sabot projectile somewhere
in 40 50 millimeters then ours today
the hero has a difference from
eighty eight millimeters masthead
a gun and two hundred fifty eight
millimeter bar beat me on the seventh
tale vali indicator is extremely
overestimated it is enough to
punch the royal tiger blog and
not only in his weak stock tower
or you goals in nld and just purely in
impudently sending a projectile upper frontal
detail
but the main disadvantage of this Fri
is that developers too
critical in my opinion the sole balance
weapons on the tower signed understandable
the thing is that having a tower is very strong
adds comfort
use and allows you to expand
tactical decisions and therefore
compared with peers
anti-tank self-propelled guns should still
be determined york
but there is one thing but not only close
signed are present compared to
any heavy or medium tank T25
very inferior for example
imagine meeting first and yourself
who can take out our hero with
two shots if they will of course with
good alpha or imagine for example
meeting with the comments which
potential damage per minute is palpable
more
so he also hepe Farm times more
not to mention the vitality there is heavy
tanks and vanoshot from su-152 and all
we will not speak and therefore an option
use of t25 at close range
disappears immediately absolutely categorically
we can punish near unless
Only 5 lago la not even on the sixth
I advise to get out well if the neighbor
the battle is ineffective for us then switch
purely on sniper use of this
Fri where comfort from the use of the tower
much lower
it would be better and by the way there was n’t what we
we can brag on long distances
Firstly excellent accuracy in 036
which combined with gorgeous
gun downtime will allow
confidently send shells right on target
and the declination angle of the gun so in general
beautiful
as much as 10 degrees down which will allow to play
from any floor nick wherein Plyuh
rather still have
all with you by 225 alpha which can
issue at a rate of 8 pieces per minute
everything seems to be cool but for the sixth
level of such a setup would be very strong
bent the potential to t25 2 is
1900 enemy team strength points
minute when sous-152 with skorostrel kai
has over 3000
parsing more than a thousand okay
Soviet shaitan even German Jagdpanther
it has more than his dpm is 2400
halls points per minute i.e. if
our today's hero
try very hard
and do everything correctly and effectively
the result is still less than
on competitors and so the winning percentage
this self-propelled gun will be very strong
depend on your allies skill if
summarize all of the above then I personally
I think that it is necessary to raise
gun firing rate at least to the level
fellow T25 at and then reckless will
drag your alpha into 400 units a T25
rate of fire but not the tower
which barely barely turns in contrast
from medium or even heavy tanks
as for the other parameters
here the conversation is much easier
t25 2 the last among betka towers
American birds self-propelled guns with low
booking maximum thickness
is 75 millimeters which is not
stop a landmine from the Su-152
not to mention the armor-piercing and the more
sabot shells and therefore sew
us all and sundry
and considering that in general is not so
many total 900 units stop you by the tower
Send us to the hangar without any
problems and therefore reminded melee
the distance of the battle is absolutely not about ours
today's hero even glow on
Far I do not advise you crazy
soviet guard on your karma word
the only place to which you can
breed opponents is false
ceiling that not only protects
rain crew
but also not relevant to the model
damage to the tank so shooting not
shoot him with armor piercing and damage
the tank will not be applied
with dynamics u20 heels are still full
order if help these very much
there was a lack of agility then
on t25
this is a problem of declining decline
mobility so it seems all like
corresponds to the maximum speed
equal to 56 kilometers per hour but development
can only be from the hill
ferry surface same engine and and not
accelerates because 15 horses per ton
obviously not enough here and it turns out that
playfulness is no more woman hulka has not grown a
pt itself is quite cardboard like on it
I’m not going to drag
and therefore immediately after the review I put
her dad's face for a couple of days so that
cool your chair and then charge
most likely completely bk subcaliber
shells and gritting his teeth will pass
This thread is on to finally
get to the two top Fri-sau who
certainly worth all this suffering
and on this I probably have everything today
we forget to like if you
liked my review subscribe to my
channel join my group in contact
give your opinion on this tank
pour yourself some more tea in general your body
Kalym is well, but with you I was going
by sight the therapy itself on more than their beats
Tanks all see you soon friends